english/web/api/dto/UserCreateDto.java
 english.web.api.dto.UserCreateDto
english/web/api/dto/AuthInfoDto.java
 english.web.api.dto.AuthInfoDto
english/web/exceptions/UserAlreadyExistsException.java
 english.web.exceptions.UserAlreadyExistsException
english/web/api/AppConfig.java
 english.web.api.AppConfig
english/web/api/SpringFoxConfig.java
 english.web.api.SpringFoxConfig
english/web/services/JwtService.java
 english.web.services.JwtService
english/web/api/dto/UserInfoDto.java
 english.web.api.dto.UserInfoDto
english/web/models/User.java
 english.web.models.User
english/web/api/dto/AuthSuccessDto.java
 english.web.api.dto.AuthSuccessDto
english/web/exceptions/WordNotFoundException.java
 english.web.exceptions.WordNotFoundException
english/web/api/dto/WordCreateUpdateDto.java
 english.web.api.dto.WordCreateUpdateDto
english/web/exceptions/WordIsNotOwnedByUserException.java
 english.web.exceptions.WordIsNotOwnedByUserException
english/web/repositories/UserRepository.java
 english.web.repositories.UserRepository
english/web/api/Main.java
 english.web.api.Main
english/web/services/UserService.java
 english.web.services.UserService
english/web/api/controllers/UserController.java
 english.web.api.controllers.UserController
english/web/exceptions/UserNotFoundException.java
 english.web.exceptions.UserNotFoundException
english/web/api/dto/WordInfoDto.java
 english.web.api.dto.WordInfoDto
english/web/api/JwtTokenFilter.java
 english.web.api.JwtTokenFilter
english/web/api/SecurityConfig.java
 english.web.api.SecurityConfig
english/web/api/CustomAuthenticationProvider.java
 english.web.api.CustomAuthenticationProvider
english/web/api/dto/ErrorDto.java
 english.web.api.dto.ErrorDto
english/web/api/DefaultAdvice.java
 english.web.api.DefaultAdvice
english/web/models/Word.java
 english.web.models.Word
english/web/api/controllers/WordController.java
 english.web.api.controllers.WordController
english/web/repositories/WordRepository.java
 english.web.repositories.WordRepository
english/web/services/WordService.java
 english.web.services.WordService
